Remove icon for external links which o-typography provides in a mixin (#636)
Financial-Times/origami: apps/website/_posts/2019-01-30-newsletter.md

### New beta: o-header-services

o-header-services is a component used by many of our internal products and tools to aid navigation. We've been adding features and making some changes recently which are now available as a beta. Some highlights: reimplementing a drawer that doesn't rely on code from the FT.com header, the option to use dropdowns, and generally improved accessibility. As always, we appreciate feedback if you have it! More detail on what's changed is available on the <a href="https://github.com/Financial-Times/o-header-services/pull/51"

### New major version: Polyfill Service v3

> We launched v3 of the Polyfill service, which was outlined in a separate launch email. This release includes better polyfills, a faster service, and a more maintainable codebase. There's a <a href="https://github.com/Financial-Times/polyfill-service/blob/master/MIGRATION.md#migrating-from-v2-to-v3"ps://polyfill.io/v3/"

Author: ```suggestion
We launched v3 of the Polyfill service, which was outlined in a separate launch email. This release includes better polyfills, a faster service, and a more maintainable codebase. There's a <a >migration guide here</a>, or check out the live service at <a href="https://polyfill.io/v3/">polyfill.io</a>.
```
